The final thing that I have here
is just a list of quick tips and
ideas to follow after this workshop.
So native apps, yeah, so,
there are ways today to connect your
login credentials being password-based or
passwordless between the web and
the native app of the same project.
So if that's the case for your company or
in the website you have a website and
also native apps you can
now connect both of them.
So for password managers, for
WebAuthn and passkeys, so
that works for all of them, okay?
And for that you need to handshake or make
a handshake between your web, your site,
your domain, your origin,
and your native app.
On iOS, on Android, or Windows,
how you do that is different, so
go on learn that part.
How you can associate
a website with an app,
with a signature of the app and
then you are ready to go.
Ideas, that you can implement or
you should have in mind when you are doing
everything that we have done today.
Keep use of detonation after login always,
we're not doing that right now.
So if the user wants to get to a URL and
he needs login, and
then you have web authentication,
a lot of processing in the middle,
remember the original URL and return the
user to that URL after a successful login.
Always confirm user emails
if they are real, okay?
So wait for an email confirmation.
Ask about autologin,
don't autologin automatically.
Ask the user, do you want to log
in again automatically next time?
Check privacy's legislation because
that might differ per country or
per region, Europe is one case.
So if you're doing this,
check what you can do and how, okay?
Security's too important here.
So, don't deploy things where you're not
still sure that your flows are okay,
that your security is
as good as it can be.
And test your login UX experience
flows to see if users actually
understand what's the flow and
how to work with this.
In terms of our project as homework,
okay, after today's workshop,
I have a couple of ideas or
things that you can do.
I have the slides here, but also you
have that in the project's website,
if you were following along,
the last chapter, bonus, next steps.
So here I have things recommendations
on what to do in case you wanna
continue working on this project.
Add all the validations that we
are missing, proper error management for
every situation.
We are not managing errors on
every situation right now.
Add better database integrity
right now it's a JSON, yeah,
we can make that better.
Add a forget password flow, confirm email
and registration as I mentioned before.
You can try signing with Apple if
you're willing to pay the Apple
developer account to do that.
You can also add an OAuth 2.0 flow with
Facebook, GitHub, or any other company.
Try to log in with other providers
following their guidelines.
There are code examples.
Add a magic link, so
in this case you create the magic link.
There are libraries to do that,
you send an email with a link and
then you log in the user with that link.
Implement passkeys conditional UI,
this is to make this do you
make the browser or the login with Baskin,
something like that?
And the simple web a fan,
if you go to the passkey section will
help you on what to do or how to do this.
I think it's at the bottom they
have a link here somewhere that
says if you wanna read
about conditional UI,
here you have everything
that you need to do, okay,
to make your website passkey
compatible with this idea, okay?
But this is I still have in mind that this
conditional UI is still in the works.
I mean, it's not completely clear how
it's going to work on every browser.
And the final suggestion here is
to add a multi-factor manager.
So for example users could be able to
delete server-side authenticators.
So right now I have a USB key, I have face
ID but I cannot remove them as a user.
So I can see everything that I've
had added I can remove that and
even name the authenticator.
So this is my key, this is my USB key,
light blue then I have an orange one so
I can say, this is Face ID on my iPhone,
this is Face ID on my iPad,
so I can name my authenticators.
And also try to add the authenticator
app support, that is for example,
Google Authenticator,
where you receive a QR code and
you add your website to an authenticator
that's also possible there
are NPM libraries to help you with that,
it's not so difficult.
And it can help you also to have
another set of validation over your
authentication.